>>### Exercise loops-3 : Approximate golden ratio using the Fibonacci sequence
>>
>>Watch the video about the Fibonacci sequence and the golden ratio before you start with this exercise, since most of what you need to know is explained in detail there.
>>
>>1. Create a flowchart of an algorithm that calculates the numbers in the Fibonacci sequence. End the sequence as soon as you reach a number in the sequence that is higher than 5000.
>>Test your flowchart in LARP.
>>
>>2. Adjust your algorithm so that it calculates the last number in the sequence (up to that point) divided by the one-before-last number in the sequence. Let the algorithm calculate and print this division at each iteration.
>>This division b/a (where b is the last and a is the one-before-last number in the sequence) is an approximation of the golden ratio. Calculate and draw these values for the first few steps in the Fibonacci sequence to get a feel for how these divisions behave, either by hand or using e.g. a spreadsheet.
>>
>>3. Adjust your algorithm so that it continues the Fibonacci sequence until the division (see 2.) differs less than 10^-12 from the actual (exact) value of the golden ratio.
>> Let your algorithm print the results in columns:
>>
>>      |step|a|b|b/a|b/a - golden ratio|
>>      |----|-|-|---|------------------|
>>      |0   |0|1| - | - |
>>      |1   |1|1|1|-0.618033988|
>>      |2   |1|2|2|*let your algorithm calculate this*|
>>      |3   |2|3|1.5|*(etc.)*|
>>
>>4. How many steps does the list from 3. contain? Remember, it continues until the magnitude of b/a - golden ratio < 10^-12. Pay attention to the sign of this difference. You may have to adjust the calculation or the end condition of your loop to get the correct result.
>{: .exercise }