>> ### Exercise interfaces-2: Boxes and Things
>>
>> #### Exercise interfaces-2.1: ToBeStored
>>
>>We need storage boxes when we move to a new apartment. The boxes are used to store different things. All the things which are stored in the boxes have to implement the following interface:
>> ```java
>>public interface ToBeStored {
>>    double weight();
>>}
>> ```
>>Add the interface to your program. New interfaces are added almost in the same way as classes: you choose *new Java interface* instead of *new Java class*.
>>
>>Create two classes which implement the interface `Book` and `CD`.
>> 
>> The constructor of `Book` has the following parameters
>>* its writer (`String`)
>>* name (`String`)
>>* weight (`double`)
>>
>> The constructor of `CD` has the following parameters:
>>* artist (`String`)
>>* title (`String`), 
>>* publishing year (`int`)
>> All CDs weigh 0.1 kg.
>>
>>Remember that the classes also have to implement the interface `ToBeStored`. The classes have to work in the following way:
>>
>>```java
>>public static void main(String[] args) {
>>    Book book1 = new Book("Fedor Dostojevski", "Crime and Punishment", 2);
>>    Book book2 = new Book("Robert Martin", "Clean Code", 1);
>>    Book book3 = new Book("Kent Beck", "Test Driven Development", 0.5);
>>
>>    CD cd1 = new CD("Pink Floyd", "Dark Side of the Moon", 1973);
>>    CD cd2 = new CD("Wigwam", "Nuclear Nightclub", 1975);
>>    CD cd3 = new CD("Rendezvous Park", "Closer to Being Here", 2012);
>>
>>    System.out.println(book1);
>>    System.out.println(book2);
>>    System.out.println(book3);
>>    System.out.println(cd1);
>>    System.out.println(cd2);
>>    System.out.println(cd3);
>>}
>>```
>>
>>Print output:
>>```output
>>Fedor Dostojevski: Crime and Punishment
>>Robert Martin: Clean Code
>>Kent Beck: Test Driven Development
>>Pink Floyd: Dark Side of the Moon (1973)
>>Wigwam: Nuclear Nightclub (1975)
>>Rendezvous Park: Closer to Being Here (2012)
>>```
>>
>>Attention! The weight is not reported here.
>>
>> #### Exercise interfaces-2.2: Box
>>
>> Create the class `Box`, which has to store things that implement the interface `ToBeStored`. The constructor have one parameter; maximum weight, expressed in kilograms (`double`). The `Box` can't be added more things than its maximum capacity allows for. The weight of the items contained in the box can never exceed the box maximum capacity.
>>
>>The following example clarifies the box use:
>>
>>```java
>>public static void main(String[] args) {
>>    Box box = new Box(10);
>>
>>    box.add( new Book("Fedor Dostojevski", "Crime and Punishment", 2) ) ;
>>    box.add( new Book("Robert Martin", "Clean Code", 1) );
>>    box.add( new Book("Kent Beck", "Test Driven Development", 0.7) );
>>
>>    box.add( new CD("Pink Floyd", "Dark Side of the Moon", 1973) );
>>    box.add( new CD("Wigwam", "Nuclear Nightclub", 1975) );
>>    box.add( new CD("Rendezvous Park", "Closer to Being Here", 2012) );
>>
>>    System.out.println( box );
>>}
>>```
>>
>>Printing:
>>
>> ```output
>> Box: 6 things, total weight 4.0 kg
>>```
>>
>> Note: because the weights are represented as `double`, the rounding can cause small mistakes. You don't need to care about it when you do the exercise.
>>
>> #### Exercise interfaces-2.3: Box weight
>>
>> If you created the object variable `double weight` in your box which records the weight of your things, replace it now with a method which calculates the weight:
>>
>> ```java
>>public class Box {
>>    //...
>>
>>    public double weight() {
>>        double weight = 0;
>>        // it calculates the total weight of the things which had been stored
>>        return weight;
>>    }
>>}
>>```
>>
>>When you need the box weight -- if you have to add a new thing, for instance -- you can simply call the method which calculates it.
>>
>>In fact, the method could work well even though it retured the value of an object variable. However, we train a situation where you don't need to maintain the object variable explicitly, but you can calculate it when you need it. With the following exercise, the information stored in a box object variable would not necessarily work properly, however. Why?
>>
>> #### Exercise interfaces-2.4: Boxes are Stored too!
>>
>> Implementing the interface `ToBeStored` requires that the class has the method `double weight()`. In fact, we just added this method to the class `Box`. Boxes can be stored!
>>
>> Boxes are objects where we can store object which implement the interface `ToBeStored`. Boxes also implement this interface. This means that **you can also put boxes inside your boxes!**
>>
>> Try this out: create a couple of boxes in your program, put things into the boxes and put smaller boxes into the bigger ones. Try also what happens when you put a box into itself. Why does it happen?
>>
>{: .exercise }