>>### Exercise flowchart-3 : Find middle number from 3 numbers
>>
>>1. Draw a flowchart for an algorithm that determines the middle of 3 numbers, i.e. the value between the largest and the smallest of the three values. Let the user enter those 3 numbers in your algorithm at runtime and store them in three variables `a`, `b`, and `c` (or better still, choose better names for these variables).
>>
>>      Examples:
>>      - Input of 2, 11 and 7 produces the output 7
>>      - Input of 9, 3 and 2 produces the output 3
>>      - Input of 6, 6 and 4 produces the output 6
>>
>>2. Think about this: how many different ways are there to arrange 3 numbers `a`, `b` and `c`? Take the values 2, 5 and 7 for example:
>>
>>      |*\#*|a|b|c|           |
>>      |----|-|-|-|-----------|
>>      |*1* |2|5|7|a \< b \< c|
>>      |*2* |2|7|5|a \< c \< b|
>>      |*3* |5|2|7|b \< a \< c|
>>      |*4* |5|7|2|c \< a \< b|
>>      |*5* |7|2|5|b \< c \< a|
>>      |*6* |7|5|2|c \< b \< a|
>>
>>3. Determine which values you want to test your flowchart with by doing the following:<br>Pick 3 different numbers and arrange them in various different ways, using the ideas you gained from the previous step (*hint: pick 6 different ways to arrange the numbers*).
>>
>>4. Build and test your flowchart in LARP with your chosen input values. The output shouldn't depend on the order in which the numbers are entered (e.g. [2,11,7], [7,2,11] and [11,7,2] should all produce output 7). Fill a table by hand with the test results and check whether they are what you expected.
>>
>>5. Use your input values to again test the flowchart(s) of fellow students (and use their input values to check your own flowchart). Do all your flowcharts produce the correct responses? What happens when you enter identical values (e.g. 2, 2, 2)?
>{: .exercise }