>>### Exercise statistics-1 : Calculate the median
>>
>>1. Design an algorithm that calculates the *median* of an array consisting of numerical values and implement it in Java code.
>>
>>      1. First write down the steps for the algorithm, e.g. in a flowchart, a Nassi-Shneiderman diagram or in pseudo code. Even though the algoritm is quite simple, writing down the design first almost always pays off by making the implementation more straightforward.
>>
>>      2. If the array is sorted, the algorithm is almost trivial, so find out how to sort data in a Java ArrayList. Hint: there is a built-in method to do that in one of the Java libraries.
>>
>>      3. Write Java code to let the user enter numerical values from the keyboard and store them in an ArrayList. Pick a suitable datatype for the numerical values. It's usually convenient to ask the user how many values he/she wants to enter and then ask for those values.
>>
>>      4. Sort the ArrayList using the built-in method that you researched in step 2.
>>
>>      5. Calculate the median and output it to the user. Make sure that the median is correct both for an odd number of values and for an even number of values in the ArrayList.
>>
>>2. Test your algorithm using a number of previously selected arrays of test data. You can enter the test data at run time or hard-code them in Java code, whichever is more convenient for you to properly test the algorithm.
>>
>>      As always, collecting your test results in a table helps to assure that you have tested all the different situations that might arise. E.g. did you test both an odd and an even number of values? Did you test with just a single value? Did you test with just two values? Etc.
>>
>>      |Nr of values|Input values (array)|Expected median|Actual median calculated|OK or not OK?|
>>      |------|------|------|------|------|
>>      | 3 | 1.6, 1.6, 2.0 | 1.6 | ? | ? |
>>      | *add your own* |  |  |  |  |
>>      |  |  |  |  |  |
>>
>>3. Compare your results with those of other students and discuss those results. Let them test your algorithm and test their algorithm as well.
>{: .exercise }