>>### Exercise statistics-2 : Calculate the mode
>>
>>1. Similarly to the previous exercise in which you calculated the median, design an algorithm that calculates the *mode* of a series of numerical values in an ArrayList, and implement that algorithm in Java code.
>>      1. Reuse your own Java code that lets the user enter numerical values and stores them in an ArrayList.
>>
>>          *To make the calculations easier, it helps if you use an integer data type for the values so you can count how many identical values there are. A floating point type would make that virtually impossible and would force you to use value ranges for the mode calculation. Let's keep it simple for now.*
>>
>>      2. Reuse your own code that sorts the ArrayList.
>>
>>      3. Calculate the mode of the values and output it to the user.
>>
>>2. Test your algorithm using a number of previously selected arrays of test data. You can
>>      - enter the test data at run time
>>      - hard-code them in Java code
>>      - write some Java code that generates the data at run time as random values
>>
>>      whichever is more convenient for you to properly test the algorithm.
>>
>>      As always, collecting your test results in a table helps to assure that you have tested all the different situations that might arise. E.g. did you test with a single value as the mode, with two different values as the mode (i.e. two values that both occur the same number of times in the array and more than any other values)? Etc.
>>
>>      |Nr of values|Input values (array)|Expected mode(s)|Actual mode(s) calculated|OK or not OK?|
>>      |------|------|------|------|------|
>>      | 6 | 2, 3, 3, 5, 5, 8 | 3, 5 | ? | ? |
>>      | *add your own* |  |  |  |  |
>>      |  |  |  |  |  |
>>
>>3. Compare your results with those of other students and discuss those results. Let them test your algorithm and test their algorithm as well.
>{: .exercise }