>>### Exercise statistics-3 : Calculate the standard deviation
>>
>>In the instruction video about statistics, two formulas for calculating the standard deviation were introduced (but you may also find them on the internet in various sources on statistical analysis). Use those formulas in this exercise.
>>
>>1. Design an algorithm that calculates the *standard deviation* of a series of numerical values in an ArrayList, and implement that algorithm in Java code.
>>      1. Reuse your own Java code that lets the user enter numerical values and stores them in an ArrayList.
>>
>>      2. Calculate the standard deviation of the values using 2 loops (as explained in the instruction video) and output it to the user.
>>
>>      3. Calculate the standard deviation of the values also using the 1 loop formula and verify that both results from 2 loops and from 1 loop are identical (as they should be). Use a simple test case with some numbers.
>>
>>2. Test your algorithm using a number of previously selected arrays of test data. You can
>>      - enter the test data at run time
>>      - hard-code them in Java code
>>      - write some Java code that generates the data at run time as random values
>>
>>      whichever is more convenient for you to properly test the algorithm.
>>
>>      *You can use a spread sheet program to calculate the standard deviation of a set of test data, to assist with testing. Compare those results to the results of your own algorithm.*
>>
>>      As always, collecting your test results in a table helps to assure that you have tested all the different situations that might arise.
>>
>>      |Nr of values|Input values (array)|Expected standard deviation|Actual stddev calculated|OK or not OK?|
>>      |------|------|------|------|------|
>>      | 15 | 1 2 2 2 3 4 4 4 5 5 6 7 7 8 9 | 2.33 | ? | ? |
>>      | *add your own* |  |  |  |  |
>>      |  |  |  |  |  |
>>
>>3. Compare your results with those of other students and discuss those results. Let them test your algorithm and test their algorithm as well.
>{: .exercise }