>>### Exercise method-3: Printing
>>
>>#### Exercise method-3.1: Printing stars
>>
>> Create a method `printStars` that prints the given amount of stars and a line break.
>>
>> Create the method in the following body:
>>
>>```java
>>private static void printStars(int amount) {
>>    // you can print one star with the command
>>    // System.out.print("*");
>>    // call this command amount times
>>}
>>
>>public static void main(String[] args) {
>>    printStars(5);
>>    printStars(3);
>>    printStars(9);
>>}
>>```
>>
>>The program output:
>>
>>```output
>>*****
>>***
>>*********
>>```
>>
>>**Note**: you can return exercises that contain many parts to the exercise robot even though you are not finished with all parts. In that case, the robot complains about tests in the unfinished parts of the exercise, but gives you points for all tests that pass.
>>
>>#### Exercise method-3.2: Printing a square
>>
>>Create a method printSquare(int sideSize) that prints a square using our previous method printStars. The method call printSquare(4), for example, prints the following:
>>
>>```output
>>****
>>****
>>****
>>****
>>```
>>
>>Note: in order to complete the exercise it is not enough that the outprint looks good. Inside the printSquare method the printing must be done using the printStars method.
>>
>>When you are in the middle of making your program, you should verify the correctness of your methods by writing some test code into your main method.
>>
>> #### Exercise method-3.3: Printing a rectangle
>>Create a method printRectangle(int width, int height) that prints a rectangle using the printStars method. The call printRectangle(17,3), for example, has the following output:
>>
>>```output
>>*****************
>>*****************
>>*****************
>>```
>>
>> #### Exercise method-3.4: Printing a left-aligned triangle
>>
>>Create the method printTriangle(int size) that prints a triangle using the printStars method. The method call printTriangle(4), for example, has the following output:
>>
>>```java
>>*
>>**
>>***
>>****
>>```
>>
>{: .exercise }