>> ### Exercise oop-1: Accounts
>>
>> You are handed a ready-made class `Account` along with your exercise files. The object of the class `Account` represents a bank account that has a balance (meaning some amount of money). The accounts are used as follows:
>>
>>```java
>> Account bartosAccount = new Account("Barto's account",100.00);
>> Account bartosSwissAccount = new Account("Barto's account in Switzerland",1000000.00);
>>
>> System.out.println("Initial state");
>> System.out.println(bartosAccount);
>> System.out.println(bartosSwissAccount);
>>
>> bartosAccount.withdrawal(20);
>> System.out.println("Barto's account balance is now: "+bartosAccount.balance());
>> bartosSwissAccount.deposit(200);
>> System.out.println("Barto's Swiss account balance is now: "+bartosSwissAccount.balance());
>>
>> System.out.println("Final state");
>> System.out.println(bartosAccount);
>> System.out.println(bartosSwissAccount);
>>```
>>
>> #### Exercise oop-1.1: Your first account
>>
>> **Note**: there is a different exercise template for each of the sub-exercises. For this exercise use the TMC-exercise oop-1.1
>>
>> Create a program that creates an account with the balance of 100.0, deposits 20.0 and prints the account. Note! do all the steps described in the exercise exactly in the described order!
>>
>> #### Exercise oop-1.2: Your first money transfer
>>
>> **Notw**: there is a different exercise template for each of the sub-exercises. For this exercise use the TMC-exercise oop-1.2
>>
>> Create a program that:
>>
>> * Creates an account named "Matt\'s account" with the balance of 1000
>> * Creates an account named "My account" with the balance of 0
>> * Withdraws 100.0 from Matt\'s account
>> * Deposits 100.0 to My account
>> * Prints both accounts
>>
>> #### Exercise oop-1.3: Money transfers
>>
>> **Note**: there is a different exercise template for each of the sub-exercises. For this exercise use the TMC-exercise oop-1.3
>>
>> In the above program, you made a money transfer from one person to another. Let us next create a method that does the same!
>>
>> Create the method `public static void transfer(Account from, Account to, double howMuch)` in the given program body. The method transfers money from one account to another. You do not need to check that the from account has enough balance.
>>
>> After completing the above, make sure that your main method does the following:
>>
>> * Creates an account "A" with the balance of 100.0
>> * Creates an account "B" with the balance of 0.0
>> * Creates an account "C" with the balance of 0.0
>> * Transfers 50.0 from account A to account B
>> * Transfers 25.0 from account B to account C
>>
>{: .exercise }